README.md, before:

# Console Colorized String

This library provide an simple way to use ASCII colors on compatible consoles with custom string data types for C++, allowing set/reset the foreground and background colors. Also is possible to convert common C/C++ string data to custom string and to custom to default data types.

## Credits:

Developed by Matheus L. Silvati

An license copy is available in [here](/LICENSE.txt)

## License:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 Matheus Lopes Silvati

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Added version 1.6.12 Added support for wide strings Changed the files organization Separated enum colors Updated ConsoleTest with wstring Updated the README file

README.md, after:

# Console Colorized String

This library provides a simple way to use ASCII colors on compatible consoles with custom string data types for C++, allowing set/reset the foreground and background colors. Also is possible to convert common C/C++ string data to custom string and to custom to default data types.

## Known Bugs:

* ⚠ When combining both strings and wide strings in Windows Terminal the custom wide string background color will appear in entire line. NOTE: This behavior wasn’t tested in other terminals.

## Credits:

Developed by Matheus L. Silvati

An license copy is available in [here](/LICENSE.txt)

## License:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 Matheus Lopes Silvati

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
